Fix(docs) broken links (#14563)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/contributing/setting-up-your-local-dev-environment.md

- Set up repo and install dependencies: `yarn run bootstrap`
- Make sure tests are passing for you: `yarn test`
- Create a topic branch: `git checkout -b topics/new-feature-name`

> - See [docs setup instructions](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/blob/master/docs/contributing/docs-contributions.md#docs-site-setup-instructions) below for docs-only changes.

Reviewer: This seems to be working for me without the change

Reviewer 2: Yeah - let's keep this as is. Remember that our documentation is intended to be viewed on gatsbyjs.org, not in Github!

```suggestion
- See [docs setup instructions](/contributing/docs-contributions.md#docs-site-setup-instructions) below for docs-only changes.
```

- For each of your Gatsby test sites, run the `gatsby-dev` command inside the test site's directory to copy
  the built files from your cloned copy of Gatsby. It'll watch for your changes
  to Gatsby packages and copy them into the site. For more detailed instructions

>   see the [gatsby-dev-cli README](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/packages/gatsby-dev-cli) and check out the [gatsby-dev-cli demo video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0SwX1MSuas).

Reviewer: maybe better link to https://www.npmjs.com/package/gatsby-dev-cli ?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  see the [gatsby-dev-cli README](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gatsby-dev-cli) and check out the [gatsby-dev-cli demo video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0SwX1MSuas).
```

Author: Updated, thanks.
